«‡„ÓÎÓ‚ÓÍ: 3 Day Trip To Nice, France ñ Things To Do

Located on the French Riviera, Nice has been a popular choice for locals and tourists alike to enjoy its subtropical climate and panoramic
 view of the coast. It has everything you need for a great weekend away and would suit all budgets. While there are numerous things to do
 in Nice, there are some I would say an absolute essential to make your 3 day trip unforgettable.
Start your morning with a beautiful walk on Promenade des Anglais. This world-famous 7km promenade runs from the Castle Hill
 (La colline du Chateau in French) to Nice airport. There are lots of bars, cafes and restaurants along this promenade, so you
 can pop into any you like for a nice breakfast or morning coffee with a gorgeous view.
Start your morning with a beautiful walk on Promenade des Anglais. This world-famous 7km promenade runs from the Castle Hill
 (La colline du Chateau in French) to Nice airport. There are lots of bars, cafes and restaurants along this promenade, so you can pop
 into any you like for a nice breakfast or morning coffee with a gorgeous view.
The flower market Cours Saleya is on the very top of my list. It begins its history in 1897 and locates in the heart of the Old Town,
 it is full of fresh vegetables, bakery products and lovely flowers. The market works every day apart from Monday, when it replaced by
 Flea Market which is also worth visiting. 
Walking along the streets of Old Town you can go all the way up to Castle Hill which is the highest point in Nice and is where youíll find
 the ruins of the former Chateau de Nice. It is also one of the best spots for the amazing city view.

EUROPE

https://i0.wp.com/www.enjoyingmoments.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/IMG_2116.jpg?w=1200&ssl=1


«‡„ÓÎÓ‚ÓÍ: Things To Do And See In Hawaii, Oahu Island (Honolulu)

You know how they say, ëForbidden fruit tastes the sweetestí? Same is the case with the stairway to heaven hike which is actually illegal
 and off-limits. But worry not, as there is a technically legal way too that you can find out after some asking around. The view from the
 summit is worth all the trouble, trust us. Donít forget to capture the spectacular sunrise and freeze the moment forever. Alternatively,
 you can get a local guide to take you up the stairway to heaven legally, and it is safer at the cost of a few bucks.
Without a doubt, this will be one of the most daredevil activities that you will ever indulge in. Swimming with sharks is as adrenaline-pumping 
as it sounds. Many tour operator companies can readily take you snorkelling or cage diving as sharks swim all around you. You donít have to worry 
about any accidents or injuries as these companies take extreme precautions for your safety to discover the wonders of the undersea life.
Waimea Bay is one of the most popular beaches of Oahu where there are plenty of things to do. From enjoying a leisurely stroll with your loved 
one and swimming with a sea turtle to participating in a surfing competition, the possibilities are endless. The bay is also known for its giant 
rock that rests half on the shore and half in water. Jumpers enjoy jumping off the huge rock and splashing into the ocean. The underwater tunnels 
and huge waves make it an absolute favourite of not just the locals but tourists as well. 

NORTH AMERICA

https://i1.wp.com/www.enjoyingmoments.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/IMG_9557.jpg?w=1200&ssl=1